# Privacy Policy

_Last updated: October 31, 2025_

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We do not use your personal data for anything. Not a single thing.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

None. Literally none.

### Use of Your Personal Data

We don’t collect it, so we can’t use it!

We will NEVER share your data. Why? Because we don’t collect it!

## Retention of Your Personal Data

We do not retain any personal data.

## Transfer of Your Personal Data

We do not transfer your personal data.

## Delete Your Personal Data

You have the right to delete any data collected. However, we do not collect it, so that will never be a need.

## Disclosure of Your Personal Data

We can’t disclose what we don’t collect.

## Security of Your Personal Data

Non-existence is the highest form of security.

## Children’s Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “Last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

- By email: jjswigut@gmail.com
